the bag for p Padilla that could not be
missing one in life there are times when you
step back and say Hey I would
never have done this you understand that
she denies it as if she were ashamed of
what she has done she will be ashamed If
she wants To everyone an
interview with Paz Padilla where she
put us down progr that would not make a
television where people are hurt
what do you think has happened to Paz
Kiko said it, this social police that in the
end influences us all when they are
criticizing a program like that they win
at you and you know it you are
totally aware what a passadilla
also every time she can read she gives a
zasca every time they ask her she acts
like yes no how about but she gives them
zasca man that television that that they
did that I don't know what man well if he
takes advantage and gives them zasca every time they
ask her Well it's normal on YouTube that happens a
lot eh there are people who have
started maybe with content of
gossip and criticism and controversies and so
on and then  They complain when they become
huge